**[CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT]{.underline}**

\_\_\_\_ [\_\_\_\_]{.underline}(\"***Disclosee***\"), is contemplating
fixing the recommendation algorithm (the \"***Relationship***\") with
Vitagene (the \"***Company***\"), and in such connection hereby agrees
as follows:

1\. [Confidential Information]{.underline}. As used herein, the term
\"Confidential Information\" shall mean, in the broadest possible sense,
all confidential, proprietary and trade secret information including,
without limitation, know-how, inventions, technical information,
proce­dures, computer programs and systems, techniques, marketing plans
and strategies, product or service data, research and product
development results, customer lists and information (which shall be
deemed to include, without limitation, the names, addresses, phone
numbers, contact person, contract terms and all other information
regarding each and every customer of the Company no matter how or by
whom obtained or developed (\"***Customers***\")) and product, material
and service supplier lists and information (which shall be deemed to
include, without limitation, the names, addresses, phone numbers,
contact person, contract terms and all other information regarding each
and every supplier or provider of products, materials or professional or
non-profes­sional services no matter how or by whom obtained or developed
(\"***Suppli­ers***\")).

2\. [Trade Secret Status]{.underline}. Disclosee acknowledges that all
Confidential Information of the Company is considered by the Company to
give the Company a competi­tive advantage in the marketplace and to be
subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its confidence under the
circum­stances and, therefore, constitutes a trade secret. Disclosee has
no knowledge of any facts to contest such beliefs and acknowledges that
unless an item of Confidential Information becomes public information or
is no longer subject to reasonable efforts to maintain its confidence,
does constitute a trade secret.

3\. [Confidentiality Obligation]{.underline}. Disclosee shall keep all
of the Confidential Information, whether of the Company or of any other
party to whom the Company has an obligation of confidentiali­ty, secret
and in the strictest confidence and shall not, directly or indirectly,
use, publish, disclose, authorize the use, publica­tion or disclosure of,
or assist any third party in using, publishing or disclosing any
Confidential Information, except with the prior written consent of the
Company or for the Company\'s benefit. Upon the termination of the
Relation­ship, Disclosee shall immediately deliver to the Company all
materials, in any form, in his, her or its possession or under his, her
or its control containing any Confidential Information.

4\. [Continuing Obligation of Confidentiality]{.underline}. Disclosee\'s
obligation to keep the Confidential Information in confidence as
provided in this Agreement shall remain in effect for the entire term of
the Relationship and shall continue in effect following the termination
of the Relationship, without exception, until Disclosee can prove that
such item of Confidential Information was either made public through no
fault of Disclosee or was lawfully obtained by Disclosee after the
termination of the Relationship from a source other than the Company
without a breach of duty of confiden­tiality.

5\. [Injunctive Relief]{.underline}. Disclosee acknowledges that it
would be extremely difficult to measure the amount of damages to the
Company arising from a breach or threatened breach of any provision of
this Agreement, and that money damages would be an inadequate remedy.
The Company shall be entitled to temporary and permanent injunctive
relief to restrain Disclosee from any such breach or threatened breach.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as preventing the Company
from pursuing any and all remedies available to it for a breach or
threatened breach of any provision of this Agreement, including the
recovery of monetary damages.

6\. [Severability]{.underline}. In the event any provision of this
Agreement is, to any extent, invalid or unenforceable, such provision
shall be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it
valid and enforceable, and the remainder of this Agreement shall not be
affected thereby and shall remain in full force and effect.

7\. [Governing Law / Venue]{.underline}. It is the intent of the parties
that this Agreement be enforceable to the maximum extent permitted under
the law of the jurisdiction in which any action to enforce this
Agreement is brought or in the jurisdiction in which the activities of
Disclosee are to be restrained, whichever is greater, which law shall be
the applicable law for purposes of interpreting or enforcing this
Agreement (excluding such jurisdiction\'s conflict of law rules). Venue
for any action to enforce or interpret this Agreement shall be proper in
the State and Federal Courts located in Santa Clara County, California,
and/or in any jurisdiction in which the Company seeks to restrict the
activities of Disclosee as the Company may elect in its sole and
absolute discretion.

8\. [Attorneys\' Fees]{.underline}. In the event of any litigation to
enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to
recover all costs and expenses incurred, including reasonable
attorneys\' fees and court costs.

Dated: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_October 30, 2015\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 2015

DISCLOSEE:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

COMPANY: Vitagene

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
